+++
title = "Charles Kelly"
person_id = "b057ab46-0314-4dc3-ba76-0f538abb574c"
draft = false
society = "newyork-2024-09-24"
groups = ['d11899ab-bffa-4a56-82e1-8fddfbf5cae1', 'f932dc79-bd76-49fe-b6a6-faec0b89c65e']
+++
This is /Users/joonheekim/Projects/hugo/my-hugo-site/content/persons/b057ab46-0314-4dc3-ba76-0f538abb574c/_index.md
{'early_memory': "Growing up in Brooklyn, early memories of Charles include playful mornings running through Central Park and colorful family gatherings. His childhood was marked by frequent moves due to his mother's job, which instilled resilience but also a sense of instability. Yet, he found consistency in hobbies and interests like playing basketball at the YMCA and discovering science fiction at the library. Moments of inspiration came from influential figures like his math teacher, Mr. Allan, whose passion for numbers ignited Charles' love for mathematics, and early encounters with jazz music encouraged his lifelong musical pursuits. Key experiences at this time, such as performing in jazz concerts and feeling accomplished at chess tournaments, instilled a sense of purpose and joy in his early years.", 'persona': "Charles Kelly is a 27-year-old American from Brooklyn, New York. Raised by a single mother as the youngest of three siblings, he has a rich background with strong community ties. Charles holds a degree in Accounting from CUNY Bernard M Baruch College and currently works in financial auditing. Known for his conscientious nature and agreeable personality, he balances a love for science fiction, photography, and playing jazz piano with a focus on career and personal development. Despite his dislike of conflict and public speaking, he's empathetic, creative, and enjoys exploring new knowledge. Active in his professional network and social circles, Charles aspires to visit 30 countries before turning 30 while advancing his career.", 'recent_memory': "Charles' recent years reflect both personal and professional growth. His experience at CUNY Bernard M Baruch College was vibrant, filled with academic challenges and forming lasting friendships, interwoven with his love for jazz. A notable internship in London expanded his professional skills, offering an enriching cultural experience amidst dealing with homesickness. He later returned to Brooklyn to support his family during challenging times, reinforcing his sense of responsibility and compassion. Currently based in San Francisco, Charles finds himself thriving in the tech industry while enjoying the city's artistic and musical cultures. His daily jogs along the waterfront not only maintain his physical health but also grant him peace of mind, fostering an optimistic and balanced outlook on life."}
