+++
title = "JiHoon Moon"
person_id = "6b065a29-746e-49cc-a495-aaf8ea4779b5"
draft = false
society = "seoul-2024-09-24"
groups = ['d6dc7813-0cf8-4edf-b19c-dac464b7f919']
+++
This is /Users/joonheekim/Projects/hugo/my-hugo-site/content/persons/6b065a29-746e-49cc-a495-aaf8ea4779b5/_index.md
{'early_memory': "JiHoon's early memories are vivid tapestries capturing emotion-filled experiences that have significantly shaped his life. From hearing his mother's soothing lullabies to stepping into a bigger world during his first day at school, each childhood milestone rooted in the bustling heart of Busan vividly emerges. Memorable time spent cooking dumplings with his grandmother and assembling friendship bracelets nurtured his early appreciation for familial love and companionship. His triumphs and explorations, like winning a school art contest and traveling to Jeju Island, fortified a budding creative spirit. Discovering an affinity for healthcare when visiting a hospital and managing stage fright during a school play underscores how these foundational years inspired a lifelong commitment to medicine and emotional wellness.", 'persona': 'JiHoon Moon is an expressive and open Korean healthcare professional who resides in Seoul. He is driven by a passion for mental health advocacy and cultural exploration. Renowned for his creativity, confidence, and penchant for storytelling, he balances his professional responsibilities with hobbies like photography and culinary experiments. His personality, shaped by his aspirations and fears, reflects a blend of resilience and openness. Despite grappling with challenges like addiction, JiHoon is admired for his positive traits and talents. He has routed his career towards healthcare technologies, intending to launch a health initiative while embracing life with a community of friends and colleagues.', 'recent_memory': "JiHoon's more recent experiences are marked by exploration and professional growth. His university years in Busan laid the groundwork for his career in nursing, while extracurricular activities enriched his perspective. An internship in Bangkok opened doors to global healthcare insights and cultural enrichment. After returning to Busan, JiHoon deepened his familial bonds and progressed as a practical nurse, advocating mental health. A pivotal career move to a prestigious Seoul hospital advanced his expertise while nurturing his mental health initiative. Recent exposure to Tokyo's medical innovations at a healthcare conference invigorated JiHoon's advocacy efforts on returning to Seoul, where he's now immersed in promoting mental wellness through creativity and community engagement."}
