+++
title = "Chloe Parker"
person_id = "14687640-5a89-4433-8a92-df60aa681e1d"
draft = false
society = "newyork-2024-09-24"
groups = ['69349940-e37b-4398-885a-ae52870706fa']
+++
This is /Users/joonheekim/Projects/hugo/my-hugo-site/content/persons/14687640-5a89-4433-8a92-df60aa681e1d/_index.md
{'early_memory': "Chloe's early memories are filled with artistic milestones and family adventures. As early as age 10, she experienced success by winning a regional art competition, setting the stage for her creative journey. Family summers at her grandparents' lakehouse are special memories, where teaching her brother to ride a bike conferred a sense of responsibility. Her love for hiking emerged from a camping trip in Upstate New York during her teenage years. Notably, Chloe captured a goldfish during a carnival as a child, reminding herself of the joy tied to small yes significant achievements. Shaped by encouragement from her high school teacher, Chloe decided to switch her college major influenced by her artistic passions.", 'persona': "Chloe Parker, a 26-year-old sales representative from New York, embodies a blend of artistic passion and professional acumen. With an affinity for painting landscapes and a penchant for hiking, she engages in activities that complement her athletic build and green-eyed vibrancy. An assertive and motivated individual, Chloe continuously seeks growth amid anxieties. Environmental influences, like her upbringing in Albany and exposure to New York's cultural scene, have cultivated her striving to open an art gallery while progressing towards becoming a regional sales manager. Socially active yet maintaining close-knit relationships, Chloe balances her agnosticism with ongoing mindfulness practices.", 'recent_memory': "Recently, Chloe's experience has enhanced her ambition to intertwine art with professional success. From an enriching stint at a Parisian art gallery to the dynamic energy of New York City, her college years laid a foundation of psychology and artistic exposure. An internship in Paris deepened her cultural appreciation, while a language course in Berlin spurred international connections and self-improvement. Her time in San Francisco blended professional growth with personal bliss, amid the city's natural beauty. Returning to New York, Chloe's goal of becoming a regional sales manager remains fervent as she revitalizes her love for art and conform her career identity within Manhattan's vibrant landscape."}
