+++
title = "Steven Thompson"
person_id = "738d45a6-ae0e-4bf9-a289-b053c259ea86"
draft = false
society = "newyork-2024-09-24"
groups = ['69349940-e37b-4398-885a-ae52870706fa']
+++
This is /Users/joonheekim/Projects/hugo/my-hugo-site/content/persons/738d45a6-ae0e-4bf9-a289-b053c259ea86/_index.md
{'early_memory': "During his early years, Steven's life was marked by significant emotional milestones. Born in Boston, he recalls spending warm moments with his mother at the park and discovering a joy for sketching at his grandmother's. His father's departure at a young age left Steven feeling confused, yet it catalyzed a strong bond with his hardworking mother. School brought thrills from winning talent shows and admiration for his initial sketches, ultimately infusing a love for creativity within him. However, the realization of time management during a rushed essay at age 15 highlighted early challenges he faced. Experiences like a school trip to a museum's dinosaur exhibit and performing on stage reinforced his drive to overcome fears, contributing to a complex, yet fulfilling childhood anchored in artistic pursuits.", 'persona': "Steven Thompson is a 26-year-old American with a captivating mix of humility, critical thinking, and creative flair. Raised by a single mother, Steven's journey spans various cities and experiences, from the bustling streets of New York to the tranquility of Seattle's waterfronts. A passionate writer and sketcher, he's deeply influenced by his high school theatre teacher and the storytelling connection he shared with his grandmother. Steven balances his enthusiasm for theatre and the arts with a career in building and grounds cleaning, where he recently excelled to team leader. Social yet introspectively content, he cherishes close friendships, partakes in local writing groups, and finds solace in solo walks.", 'recent_memory': "Recently, Steven has embarked on an adventure-filled journey balancing personal growth and career advancement. His college days in New York fueled an artistic fervor, evident in frequent theatre visits. The pandemic saw him returning to Boston, offering a nostalgic pause that sparked a victorious local playwriting achievement. Seeking new horizons, he transitioned to Seattle, leveraging introspective walks by the waterfront to hone his craft. Temporary assignments in Vancouver enabled him to embrace visual storytelling, expanding his creativity. His current Los Angeles stint intertwines artistic passion and networking, where he bravely confronts past fears in critiques across the cityscape. Steven's journey reflects a resilience that harmonizes with his reflective and ambitious personality."}
