+++
title = "Andrew Allen"
person_id = "38ffad43-dec3-47a0-b26f-5d6519f30fe8"
draft = false
society = "seoul-2024-09-24"
groups = ['ef234330-1201-4fa9-8724-05b4c9629882', 'd6dc7813-0cf8-4edf-b19c-dac464b7f919']
+++
This is /Users/joonheekim/Projects/hugo/my-hugo-site/content/persons/38ffad43-dec3-47a0-b26f-5d6519f30fe8/_index.md
{'early_memory': "Andrew's earliest memories are firmly rooted in the vibrant culture of New Orleans. From a young age, he was enchanted by the stories whispered by his grandmother, often surrounded by the scenic bayous where he spent his summers. The thrill of his first storytelling event at school ignited a lifelong passion. An introverted child, Andrew was often teased for his shyness, causing him to develop a fear of rejection. However, he found solace in activities like art and music, joining a guitar club and excelling in photography, which won him local recognition. His high school storytelling win fueled his ambition to pursue a career that married his love for tales with child care, leading him to Xavier University to study Psychology.", 'persona': 'Andrew Allen is a 24-year-old, creatively inclined individual with a passion for storytelling. Raised in New Orleans, he was significantly influenced by his grandmother, a community nurse and storyteller. Andrew carries a strong affinity for cultural exploration and personal growth, attributes that propelled him internationally. Though his innate restlessness and fear of failure sometimes overshadow his open endeavors, his creative spirit, and cooperation skills keep him adaptable. His professional focus is on child care, where he applies his storytelling talents to enrich young minds. During weekends, he delves into his hobbies like hiking and photography, while continuing his journey towards launching a storytelling podcast series for children.', 'recent_memory': 'Graduating from Xavier University, Andrew returned to New Orleans, a period of reflection intertwined with nostalgia, as he reconnected with familiar elements of home. Embracing a new chapter, he relocated to Seoul, where his role at an international daycare nurtured his storytelling zeal and opened him up to new cultural paradigms. Subsequent travels to Busan and Kyoto, where he attended a storytelling festival, offered him invaluable experiences and insights, particularly in integrating diverse folklore into his narratives. Returning to Seoul, he infused his enriched perspectives and experiences back into his work. His time abroad has honed his ambitions and brought him closer to realizing his dream of a storytelling podcast, drawing from his continuous learning through diverse cultural interactions.'}
