+++
title = "Jeremy Sanders"
person_id = "e855026d-21a7-4316-9fd8-b23998f9cdbe"
draft = false
society = "newyork-2024-09-24"
groups = ['69349940-e37b-4398-885a-ae52870706fa', '2f9e87c1-a3df-4547-a85f-32cc2c2d01de']
+++
This is /Users/joonheekim/Projects/hugo/my-hugo-site/content/persons/e855026d-21a7-4316-9fd8-b23998f9cdbe/_index.md
{'early_memory': "Jeremy's early years were filled with vibrant experiences despite a turbulent backdrop. He took his first steps with adventurous wobbles in Albany's apartment at just a few months old. Christmas of 1988 brought joy with his first toy train from his mother, weaving cherished memories in his young mind. A memorable incident at three involved a tumble into a neighbor's pool, sparking a lasting fear of deep water. Summers spent freely exploring his grandparents' forest fostered his adventurous spirit. At school, a discovery of historical novels sparked a lifelong interest, and volunteering at an animal shelter nourished his compassion. Jeremy embraced self-discipline with a New Year resolution to jog daily and courageously conquered kayaking, an experience both terrifying and exhilarating. These formative memories paved the groundwork for his resiliency and determined spirit.", 'persona': "Jeremy Sanders is a driven and personable 38-year-old residing in New York City. With an athletic build and striking blue eyes, he balances his life with a mix of intellectual curiosity and deep empathy. Holding a Bachelor's degree in Sociology, he works as a cashier at Baxter's Electronics. Jeremy thrives on morning jogs in Central Park, devours historical novels, and contributes by volunteering at a local animal shelter. He values conflict resolution, generosity, and humility, while battling occasional irritability and sadness. Despite his fear of deep water, Jeremy enjoys kayaking, reflecting his courage and love for adventure. His empathy roots from a challenging childhood and the influence of his grandmother, teaching him resilience and tolerance.", 'recent_memory': "Jeremy's recent journey is marked by pivotal experiences that blended personal growth with professional endeavors. College years at SUNY Albany enriched his intellectual pursuits and kindled passions for history and storytelling. Post-graduation, a European adventure saw him capture Paris's essence through photography, further feeding his wanderlust. Returning to the US, Jeremy thrived in Brooklyn's hustle, balancing work with his love for morning jogs. However, family commitments took him to Seattle, where he found strength amidst serene landscapes. Reinforced by his family's resilience, Jeremy's spirit remained unshaken. Resettling in New York post-2019, he rediscovered vibrancy, working at Baxter's and exploring the city's cultural vein, his mornings resonating with jogs and weekends reveling in volunteer work, ever on the cusp of another adventure."}
