+++
title = "Maria Ortiz"
person_id = "5c26fb50-a667-4bd7-8e7a-a35f256caf0b"
draft = false
society = "newyork-2024-09-24"
groups = ['06d713ad-5057-4655-8c9e-e7ce7f552d98', '2f9e87c1-a3df-4547-a85f-32cc2c2d01de']
+++
This is /Users/joonheekim/Projects/hugo/my-hugo-site/content/persons/5c26fb50-a667-4bd7-8e7a-a35f256caf0b/_index.md
{'early_memory': "Maria's childhood encapsulates a tapestry of vivid experiences that shaped her current passions. Growing up in Puerto Rico and later moving to New York at 8, she spent summers on her grandmother's farm—planting seeds and immersing in rich culinary traditions. At a family picnic at three, tasting mango sparked a lifelong love for discovery in flavors. Her early thrill for music emerged at age five, tinkering with a toy xylophone, later blossoming with the ukulele at 14. Sketching at twelve marked the beginning of her artistic journey, while exploring New York's street food at 14 exposed her to diverse cuisines, shaping her culinary path. ", 'persona': "Maria Ortiz is a dynamic and passionate Puerto Rican chef residing in New York City. At 29, she is renowned for her flair in Caribbean fusion cuisine, a talent she continually hones by drawing inspiration from vibrant cultural experiences and her beloved grandmother. Her personality is a blend of trust, generosity, and an insatiable curiosity. Despite bouts of anxiety and a nicotine habit, she is driven by goals to open her own fusion restaurant and travel the world. Maria's robust artistic side manifests in sketching and a unique musical talent with the ukulele, which complements her culinary creativity.", 'recent_memory': "Maria's recent years have been a whirlwind of culinary exploration and professional development. An internship in Queens catalyzed her passion for blending Caribbean and New York street food flavors. She deepened family ties while experimenting with local cuisine during a return stay in San Juan. Her venture into Brooklyn's pop-up restaurant culture advanced her culinary prowess despite personal stresses. A year-long exchange in Tokyo enriched her understanding of global cuisines, while food tourism across Texas rekindled her musical interests amidst culinary inspiration. Back in New York, Maria now thrives in a fine dining environment, honing her skills and gaining the respect of peers in the local culinary scene."}
