+++
title = "Olivia Scott"
person_id = "957e3423-1ff4-4cd6-93c5-57a35267ce44"
draft = false
society = "newyork-2024-09-24"
groups = ['d11899ab-bffa-4a56-82e1-8fddfbf5cae1']
+++
This is /Users/joonheekim/Projects/hugo/my-hugo-site/content/persons/957e3423-1ff4-4cd6-93c5-57a35267ce44/_index.md
{'early_memory': "Olivia's early years were imbued with warmth and adventure. Even as a toddler, her father's lullabies instilled a deep-seated love and security. She blossomed in Austin's lively music scene, cherished moments at her grandmother's Wyoming ranch, and harnessed her curiosity on elephant-watch zoo trips. School days marked new friendships, while summer camps under starlit skies fueled her imagination. The library job at 14 shaped her conscientiousness, while volunteering at a food bank ignited a passion for helping others. Each milestone, whether winning a writing contest or joining a college club, further awakened her creative spirit, defining her identity as a storyteller eager to explore and express with words.", 'persona': 'Olivia Scott is a dynamic, creative soul who embraces change and possibility. Born in Austin, Texas, her curiosity led her to pursue a degree in Literature, later propelling her to diverse cities to fuel her growth. Highly open and flexible, Olivia blends her love for writing with a career in administrative support, finding synergy between creativity and organization. Whether volunteering or exploring cultural realms, her rich tapestry of hobbies reflects her zest for life. Yet, beneath her spirited exterior lurks an apprehension for financial stability and public speaking. Olivia faces these challenges head-on with wit and determination, aspiring to weave her stories into published collections while dreaming of adventures on trails long and winding.', 'recent_memory': "Olivia's youthful adventures have flowered into a life rich with vibrant experiences. Her days at the University of Texas honed her literary skills, laying a robust foundation for ventures ahead. A Parisian workshop further imbued her with a passion, its air thick with culture and creativity. Working in Seattle and San Francisco tested her, as she deftly blended the rigors of professional life with her fervent storytelling. New York, with its ebullient spirit, has inspired her the most. It promises not just a career but an imaginative haven, nurturing her as she pens novellas and shares love with Tilly, her feline companion. Each chapter in Olivia's journey is a testament to embracing life fully, with ambition as her compass."}
