+++
title = "Evelyn Carter"
person_id = "e4f9e3d3-8d6a-4752-ab6d-ad5248411b31"
draft = false
society = "newyork-2024-09-24"
groups = ['2f9e87c1-a3df-4547-a85f-32cc2c2d01de']
+++
This is /Users/joonheekim/Projects/hugo/my-hugo-site/content/persons/e4f9e3d3-8d6a-4752-ab6d-ad5248411b31/_index.md
{'early_memory': "Evelyn's childhood in Rochester radiated warmth and community, captured in her fond recollections ranging from playful adventures in the local park to exhilarating family hikes in the Adirondacks. Comprised of joyful seasons exploring the arts in theater and pottery, her youth was filled with vibrant moments—first snowfall excitement, the thrill of creativity, and proud performance confidence. Supportive family gatherings, coupled with new experiences like her initial photography lesson, stitched a mosaic of cherished memories. By high school, Evelyn's artistic flair was complimented by a yearning curiosity—her first love note and hiking explorations marking a blossoming of adolescence. Unexpected challenges, such as finding her voice during family discussions, fostered her resilience and self-efficacy early on. ", 'persona': "Evelyn Carter is a vibrant, driven 28-year-old real estate agent residing in bustling New York City. Characterized by a petite frame and striking blue eyes, she weaves through life embodying energy, joy, and reliability. Her drive pushes her towards hefty goals, such as establishing her own real estate firm, while her love for the arts sees her frequent art galleries and immerse in pottery. Despite time management challenges during her bustling career, Evelyn excels in public speaking and client relations. Her upbringing in a tight-knit family imbues her with tolerance and warmth, though she sometimes struggles with understanding others' emotions. Meditation and classical music remain Evelyn's solace through challenges. ", 'recent_memory': "Evelyn's path has woven through diverse landscapes and experiences; a testament to her adventurous and reflective spirit. Beginning her collegiate journey at Columbia University, she embraced NYC's cultural vibrancy, finding inspiration in philosophy and artistic exploration. Her post-graduation trip to Bali was transformative—a quest for inner peace often spent in solitude amidst rice paddies and pottery workshops. This introspective time was succeeded by a San Francisco venture, intertwining professional growth with rich neighborhood culture. A serene Florida Keys remote working stint nurtured her, preparing Evelyn for a dynamic return to NYC—embracing her current role with NY Properties and reuniting with cherished college friends, setting her future aglow with new opportunities. "}
