+++
title = "Richard Martin"
person_id = "e4df4da4-e2f8-4ff8-8853-8add52123b14"
draft = false
society = "newyork-2024-09-24"
groups = ['2f9e87c1-a3df-4547-a85f-32cc2c2d01de']
+++
This is /Users/joonheekim/Projects/hugo/my-hugo-site/content/persons/e4df4da4-e2f8-4ff8-8853-8add52123b14/_index.md
{'early_memory': "Richard's early memories paint a picture of vibrant experiences and personal growth. Growing up in Brooklyn, he cherished the family outings to the New Jersey shore, the community theater classes that sparked a sense of creativity, and the proud moments of creating sandcastles with his siblings. His childhood was marked by significant milestones like his first camera, which fueled his passion for photography, and the exhilarating rhythms of jazz performances that uplifted his spirit. In school, his involvement in community theater and jazz band performances nurtured his talents and boosted his confidence. The sense of belonging at a school play and the camaraderie of being part of a middle school jazz band became defining moments that edged him towards his various pursuits.", 'persona': 'Richard Martin, a 26-year-old male from Brooklyn, New York, is an optimistic and ambitious individual. Despite a modest background, he has developed a wide array of interests and talents, including photography, blogging, and cooking. Known for his motivation, emotional control, and critical thinking, Richard aspires to open his own restaurant and write a book. His personality reflects high openness and agreeableness, although he struggles with mild anxiety and forgetfulness. Professionally, Richard showcases strong customer service and problem-solving skills, while juggling work as a head waiter and personal writing projects. A lover of live jazz, he finds peace in morning walks and enjoys intimate gatherings.', 'recent_memory': 'More recently, Richard has broadened his horizons both academically and professionally. After completing a Philosophy degree at City College, he embarked on a culinary journey through an internship in Lisbon, which enriched his cooking experience and love for jazz. Back in Brooklyn, he honed his culinary skills and formed strong ties with fellow chefs, working towards the ambition of opening his restaurant. His European sojourn took him to Barcelona, where he freelanced as a writer, further enhancing his perspective on growth. Returning stateside, Richard achieved a career milestone by becoming a head waiter at a prestigious Manhattan restaurant, balancing challenges with the inspiration he draws from morning city walks and his enduring friendships in the bustling culinary world.'}
