+++
title = "Jade Cruz"
person_id = "9c40810c-fef9-4028-9c68-2d60e4f7fc6b"
draft = false
society = "newyork-2024-09-24"
groups = ['f932dc79-bd76-49fe-b6a6-faec0b89c65e']
+++
This is /Users/joonheekim/Projects/hugo/my-hugo-site/content/persons/9c40810c-fef9-4028-9c68-2d60e4f7fc6b/_index.md
{'early_memory': "Jade's childhood in Brooklyn was marked by fond, vivid memories and strong influence from her grandfather. At just three, she overcame her fear at a playground in her grandfather's comforting presence. Summers were punctuated by dancing at block parties and street basketball, with laughter echoing from every corner. At five, she felt pride in her siblings' smiles when their renovated home was unveiled. Her grandfather instilled a love for sketching in Central Park on a sunlit bench. Winning a regional dance competition at ten was a crescendo of childhood joy. At twelve, she watched sunsets in serene companionship, finding solace in quiet moments with her grandfather. These formative experiences nurtured her artistic inclinations and practical interests, guiding her towards construction and community impact.", 'persona': "Jade Cruz is a 25-year-old construction laborer from Brooklyn, New York, with an athletic build, distinct birthmark, and brown eyes. Raised by a single mother, along with two siblings, she decided to forego university to gather practical experience in construction. Jade's personality is shaped by high agreeableness, openness, and neuroticism, with notable perseverance and reliability. Her hobbies include sketching urban landscapes and playing drums. She aspires to start her construction firm, fueled by her love for urban development. Despite being fearful of heights and public speaking, she maintains motivation and discipline in her goals. Jade's prowess in meticulous details and architectural comprehension makes her invaluable in project completions, including significant undertakings such as the East River bridge project.", 'recent_memory': "Recently, Jade pursued an Associate Degree in Construction Management amidst Brooklyn's vibrant city life, balancing studies with practical work. An internship in Brazil instilled in her lessons on sustainable methods, reshaping her construction philosophy. Back home, her daily routine of reviewing construction plans and troubleshooting on-site challenges cemented her problem-solving capabilities. With a newfound sense of purpose, she embarked on urban development studies in San Francisco, where dynamic environments reignited her aspiration of establishing her own firm. Jade's journey was marked by the convergence of academic rigors and industry insights, empowering her to dream bigger while remaining grounded in her roots. Her interspersed reflections on past experiences continuously bridge her present ambitions."}
