+++
title = "Yan Bai"
person_id = "f3c99605-3776-4e87-94e8-31ff7e710585"
draft = false
society = "newyork-2024-09-24"
groups = ['06d713ad-5057-4655-8c9e-e7ce7f552d98', 'd11899ab-bffa-4a56-82e1-8fddfbf5cae1']
+++
This is /Users/joonheekim/Projects/hugo/my-hugo-site/content/persons/f3c99605-3776-4e87-94e8-31ff7e710585/_index.md
{'early_memory': "Yan's early years are vibrant with experiences of wonder and adaptability, with highlights of life in Guangzhou where lullabies from her grandmother provided comfort. Her toddler days were filled with delight in the shared family garden. Disneyland Hong Kong sparked wide-eyed amazement, a magical contrast to the intense experience of immigrating to the U.S. at age seven. Transitioning to an American school brought anxious anticipation of new faces and language, yet the exhilaration of educational pursuits was evident in her proud victory at a regional science fair by age nine. Her adventurous spirit emerged through memorable hikes, photography accomplishments, and public speaking triumphs, each challenging her fear of heights and spotlight while harnessing her love for making impactful differences.", 'persona': "Yan Bai, a 23-year-old accountant living in New York, is a tapestry of purposefulness and perseverance. She finds solace in routine, regularly counting her steps and sipping green tea, and thrives on the challenges posed by numbers, evidenced by her proficiency in Excel and QuickBooks. With an athletic build, Yan balances her analytical career with enriching personal interests in knitting and photography and yearns for global exploration—goals fueled by a transformative volunteer trip to Honduras. Resilient from her early immigration to the U.S., she copes with anxiety through yoga and meditation. Immersed in New York's vibrant surroundings, she seeks to inspire educational change through her dream non-profit.", 'recent_memory': "In college, Yan adapted to the bustling New York life, juggling academic endeavors with personal enrichment, epitomized by late-night study sessions and budding friendships. Her enriching Barcelona study abroad exposed her to a blend of Catalan culture and Gothic exploration, enhancing her Spanish fluency. She revisited Honduras, dedicating efforts to rural educational programs, which further cemented her non-profit aspirations. A subsequent internship at a financial firm in San Francisco offered practical industry insights, despite occasional anxiety. Now back in New York, Yan's days are punctuated by tranquil jogs and contemplative evenings, balancing the pressures of her auditing role with her steadfast commitment to community service and tight-knit social engagements."}
