+++
title = "Seohee Ryu"
person_id = "64426e72-fff5-4a03-9cfa-b7c9b0dde88e"
draft = false
society = "seoul-2024-09-24"
groups = ['ef234330-1201-4fa9-8724-05b4c9629882']
+++
This is /Users/joonheekim/Projects/hugo/my-hugo-site/content/persons/64426e72-fff5-4a03-9cfa-b7c9b0dde88e/_index.md
{'early_memory': "Seohee's early memories paint a vivid picture of a curious and evolving spirit. As a child, she found wonder in colorful toys and a fascination with collecting seashells during family trips to Jeju Island. Moving to Seoul at seven for educational opportunities induced excitement for future prospects, while her aunt's ceramics studio ignited her creative passion, especially after witnessing the transformative process of clay. Her prowess in art shone brightly when she won a regional competition at 16, an achievement that blended pride with joy. Growing amidst sculptors instilled in Seohee an appreciation for creativity, shaping her inclination toward artistic expressions and caregiving, seen when volunteering inspired nurturing instincts.", 'persona': 'Seohee Ryu, a soulful South Korean woman of 39, artfully balances her creative and professional pursuits. Raised in a family of artists in Incheon, her life transitioned to the vibrant city of Seoul at age seven. Seohee, athletic in build with brown eyes and dark hair, stands 161 cm tall. Her conscientious nature shines through in her healthcare profession at Seoul Elite Dental Clinic, where decision-making and conflict resolution reflect her Taoist upbringing. Despite the shadow of Borderline Personality Disorder, she thrives through creativity and social engagements, whether sketching landscapes, tackling dental procedures, or discussing literature. Amidst these pursuits, she aspires to open an art gallery and learn the cello.', 'recent_memory': "Seohee's recent years reflect growth through exploration and reinvention. Her academic pursuits at Hongik University in Seoul ignited profound friendships and immersed her in East Asian art theory. Post-graduation journeys to Gwangju and Busan provided introspection and rekindled her love for ceramics. A profound pivot to healthcare unfolded in familiar Seoul, where training accentuated her precision, akin to Pottery. Balancing duties as a Dental Assistant with creative aspiration, Seohee blends her artistry with nurturing instincts drawn from family ties, friendships, and patients. Through stressful times, morning green tea rituals, and hikes offer grounding, while her ceramic artistry nourishes her intrinsic connection to creativity."}
