+++
title = "Leila Santos"
person_id = "99f8b333-78de-48a5-96f4-5a4d5a58eb86"
draft = false
society = "crescent-2024-10-04"
groups = ['d4943ec2-b5e7-4865-a292-878b21a2eace', 'eceed096-ef15-451e-ab53-96f27552f6a2']
+++
This is /Users/joonheekim/Projects/hugo/my-hugo-site/content/persons/99f8b333-78de-48a5-96f4-5a4d5a58eb86/_index.md

<div class="h1_1_right">Leila Santos</div><br>
<br>
<div class="h2">Persona</div><div class="plain">Leila Santos, often referred to as Lei, is a highly strategic thinker with an impressive knack for solving complex problems. Born in Barcelona and raised in London, she leads a dual life as a prestigious school student and a member of a secret magic institute where she studies her unique ability: time manipulation. Leila is known for her calm and reflective nature but harbors a fear of being exposed for her magical powers. Despite her reserved demeanor, she is a loyal friend and a member of the institute's secret council. With diverse interests like chess and journaling, she is an advanced problem-solver with a strong sense of loyalty and a deep commitment to bridging magic with normal life.</div><br>
<div class="h2">Early Life</div><div class="plain">Leila's early memories are rich with familial warmth and a burgeoning curiosity for magic and strategy. Her first steps on Barcelona's sun-kissed sands were accompanied by the cheery encouragement of her parents, marking a triumphant beginning. Chess games with her mother paved her path as a budding strategist, while visits to labyrinth gardens with her father challenged her intellect. A pivotal moment at age four was her first encounter with a wand, under the careful guidance of her mother, which sparked her magical journey. Significant milestones include learning multiplication and moving to London at age ten, where she received a watch—a symbol connecting her to her time manipulation ability discovered a year later while saving her brother from a fall.</div><br>
<div class="h2">Recent Life</div><div class="plain">Leila's journey through recent years reflects her continual evolution as a strategist and magic user. Her experiences carry her from Berlin, where she balanced magic with modern scientific methods, to Kyoto, immersing in Japanese culture and ancient strategic games. In New York, she delved into corporate strategic consultancy, testing her capacities within a bustling setting. Returning to Barcelona awakened a nostalgia that fueled her initiative to merge magic and ordinary life. An outreach project in Cape Town deepened her understanding of varied magical practices and societal issues, while a productive sabbatical in Helsinki allowed her to further develop her strategic mapping skills. Each experience honed her skills and renewed her drive to impact the world positively.</div><br>
