+++
title = "James Wright"
person_id = "eeef48b1-9082-49b4-8c05-742767eff9bf"
draft = false
society = "newyork-2024-09-24"
groups = ['f932dc79-bd76-49fe-b6a6-faec0b89c65e']
+++
This is /Users/joonheekim/Projects/hugo/my-hugo-site/content/persons/eeef48b1-9082-49b4-8c05-742767eff9bf/_index.md
{'early_memory': "In James' early memories, familial warmth and community played essential roles in his development. Growing up in Atlanta, he fondly recalls moments shared with family, such as Sunday brunches after morning church, and the joy of discovering toy cars under the Christmas tree. Community involvement blossomed early, from youthful participation in basketball leagues to volunteering at Thanksgiving events. Symbolizing a cherished childhood milestone was his baptism, which left an indelible sense of spiritual belonging. Throughout his youth, his curiosity and eagerness to explore shone, whether through a school play or a thrilling spring hike. These experiences honed his foundation, building resilience and a strong bond with his roots. ", 'persona': 'James Wright is a driven, athletic, and optimistic individual, living in New York City. At age 28, he strikes a balance between professional ambition and personal growth. With a background in business management and a passion for logistics, he aspires to start his own consulting firm. Despite his fear of failure and heights, he actively tackles challenges, such as rock climbing, to overcome them. His routine combines a mix of rigorous exercise, meditation, and lifelong learning. Volunteering is a key part of his aspirations, valuing the community and connections it offers. James is guided by a steadfast determination, confidence, and a calm demeanor. ', 'recent_memory': "Recently, James' life has been filled with transformative experiences across the U.S. Studying business at CUNY Brooklyn College, James connected with diverse cultures while jogging along the Hudson River. A brief return to Atlanta for summer volunteering reignited his community spirit. Professionally, relocating to Brooklyn marked the start of his career in transportation, further solidified by a corporate internship in Seattle. Each move enriched his skill set and outlook, building steps toward his consulting dreams. A mountain retreat in Denver offered moments of clarity amid nature, bridging contemplation with action. Now, back in NYC, he blends goals with social impact, channeling his energy into community service and career advancement. "}
