+++
title = "Jason Kelly"
person_id = "319aa829-891b-455e-906f-0ddabfe0f923"
draft = false
society = "newyork-2024-09-24"
groups = ['f932dc79-bd76-49fe-b6a6-faec0b89c65e']
+++
This is /Users/joonheekim/Projects/hugo/my-hugo-site/content/persons/319aa829-891b-455e-906f-0ddabfe0f923/_index.md
{'early_memory': "Jason's childhood was enriched with music, especially jazz, largely influenced by his mother's career as a jazz singer. He vividly recalls holding a jazz-themed teddy bear at age one, a memory that provided warmth and comfort. One of his earliest memories is being mesmerized by his mother's singing at a local club. Jason's early life was characterized by bursts of creativity, from participating in school plays to feeling triumphant while performing on the piano at a local competition. Visits to the aquarium filled him with fascination, while experiences like attending a birthday jazz concert with his mother instilled a deep love for music. His time in high school was transformative; joining the jazz band and winning a school talent competition were pivotal moments that boosted his confidence and commitment to music.", 'persona': "Jason Kelly is a 24-year-old African-American male, originally from Chicago but now residing in New York. He graduated with a B.A. in History and currently works as a secretary but aims to become a project manager. Known for his distinctive deep voice and jazz passion, Jason's hobbies include jazz piano, reading science fiction, and photography. Despite his conscientious nature, he's introverted with a hint of vulnerability, often managing his high neuroticism with music and meditation. A versatile individual, he is adept at public speaking and piano, though he sometimes struggles with mathematics and complex social situations. Jason values trust and analytical thinking, shaping a dependable, yet introspective persona.", 'recent_memory': "Following college, Jason's journey took him to Brooklyn, where he juggled a demanding office job with evening jazz sessions, feeding his creative drive. When his mother fell ill in Chicago, he returned home, balancing family responsibilities with weekend gigs at jazz clubs. Eager to expand his horizons, Jason attended an intensive jazz workshop in San Francisco, which rekindled his artistic aspirations. His pursuits then led him to Berlin, where an internship broadened his musical style with European influence. Back in New York, he advanced to a project management role, balancing work with his passion for jazz. A cultural exchange to Tokyo brought fresh inspiration for his upcoming book, merging Japanese rhythmic nuances with his jazz enthusiasm."}
