+++
title = "Chloé Martin"
person_id = "8569dd56-0304-49bb-8fc5-0eb0724a0494"
draft = false
society = "seoul-2024-09-24"
groups = ['ef234330-1201-4fa9-8724-05b4c9629882', 'd6dc7813-0cf8-4edf-b19c-dac464b7f919']
+++
This is /Users/joonheekim/Projects/hugo/my-hugo-site/content/persons/8569dd56-0304-49bb-8fc5-0eb0724a0494/_index.md
{'early_memory': 'Growing up in a multicultural home in Busan, Chloé was enveloped in the warmth of familial love and cultural duality. Her early memories are a colorful blend of warm family moments, such as learning to cook French and Korean cuisine, and budding interests in arts and performance. A significant early influence was her first public singing performance at church, sparking her love for the stage. Activities from ballet class to school art competitions nurtured her creativity and passion. By age eleven, Chloé was mesmerized by a K-Pop concert, a pivotal event that set her aspiring to become part of the industry. Her childhood was marked by exploration, new beginnings, and a developing passion for the performing arts.', 'persona': "Chloé Martin is a dedicated and vibrant 22-year-old Korean-French woman driven by her passion for performing arts. Characterized by a charismatic and artistic personality, she balances between sensitivity and adaptability. Chloé’s diverse interests include dancing, singing, and practicing yoga. With proficient skills in both Korean and French languages, she dreams of debuting in the K-Pop industry and mastering different facets of performing arts. Her journey is influenced by her multicultural upbringing and supportive family, shaping her ambitions and goals. Despite the pressure and competitiveness inherent in her field, Chloé's optimism and resilience remain unwavering, driven by both personal dedication and a love for performance.", 'recent_memory': "Driven by her multilingual and multicultural identity, Chloé embarked on an enriching one-year exchange program in New York, immersing herself in the city's vibrant arts scene. This experience broadened her horizons, bridging her training between Seoul and the Broadway allure. A subsequent half-year stay in Paris connected her to her French roots, where she further honed her musical craft while nurturing familial ties. Back in Seoul with her K-Pop debut on the horizon, Chloé tackles rigorous training with resilience. Her days are filled with demanding preparation routines, yet she finds joy and connection amidst the camaraderie of fellow trainees and her sister's consistent support, culminating in a poised readiness to debut."}
