+++
title = "Payton Jackson"
person_id = "c61288b8-0bb3-44ff-9134-9e99a331b109"
draft = false
society = "newyork-2024-09-24"
groups = ['06d713ad-5057-4655-8c9e-e7ce7f552d98', 'd11899ab-bffa-4a56-82e1-8fddfbf5cae1']
+++
This is /Users/joonheekim/Projects/hugo/my-hugo-site/content/persons/c61288b8-0bb3-44ff-9134-9e99a331b109/_index.md
{'early_memory': "Growing up in the bustling city of Cleveland, Payton's childhood was filled with artistic endeavors and unforgettable family moments. Dominant memories include winning the Cleveland Community Youth Art Contest at age ten, a defining moment of pride that cemented her love for art. Her past is punctuated with nostalgic recollections of summers spent at her grandmother's urban farm, drawing stick figures, and building snowmen with her siblings, swirling together joyous innocence and family bonds. Yet, these early years were not without challenges, such as moving homes and grappling with a fear of isolation in crowded spaces. Her perseverance is illustrated by determined efforts in the face of mishaps, like her first burnt roast and tears shed when leaving a familiar neighborhood, all contributing to the compassionate and resilient person she is today.", 'persona': "Payton Jackson is a creative and empathetic individual residing in New York City. Known for her reflective nature and calming presence, she navigates life with a balance of creativity and cautious openness. A graduate in Fine Arts, Payton's journey is marked by her unique ability to blend artistic expression with a career in the healthcare support sector. She has a warm and approachable demeanor, connecting deeply through active listening and a powerful talent for conflict resolution. Driven by long-term aspirations, Payton seeks to combine her love for art and helping others by opening an art therapy clinic. Her personal rituals, such as nightly chamomile tea and listing daily gratitudes, highlight a life led with intention and mindfulness.", 'recent_memory': "Payton's recent experiences reflect her journey towards self-fulfillment and resilience in an ever-evolving landscape. After college at Kent State University, where she delved into fine arts, Payton returned to Cleveland to support her family, honing her healthcare skills and reconnecting with her artistic roots. In 2019, she pursued her dream of living in New York City, navigating initial financial hardships with tenacity, which underscored her adaptable nature. Amid the city's vibrant art scene and challenging healthcare roles, she forged meaningful connections and particularly thrived through community art shows and personal client interactions. Payton's evenings in New York are marked by reflections in her gratitude journal, carrying forward her reflective practice, nurturing her emotional well-being, and fostering a commitment to personal and professional growth."}
