+++
title = "Haelim Su"
person_id = "de93d644-a374-428e-b2e9-3712425f3d72"
draft = false
society = "seoul-2024-09-24"
groups = ['d6dc7813-0cf8-4edf-b19c-dac464b7f919']
+++
This is /Users/joonheekim/Projects/hugo/my-hugo-site/content/persons/de93d644-a374-428e-b2e9-3712425f3d72/_index.md
{'early_memory': "Reflecting on Haelim's early memories presents a vivid tapestry of cherished moments and personal milestones. Growing up, she fondly recalls her initial family Christmases, the joy of gift exchanges, and the wonder of her first snowfall in Seoul—a city she moved to at age seven. Summers at her grandparents' farm kindled her love for nature, as did hiking Mount Bukhan and witnessing Seoul's cherry blossoms, which inspired her artistic pursuits. Her artistic passion blossomed with pride during her inaugural school art classes and subsequent junior art contest victory. Despite the sadness felt during her grandfather's passing, she found solace writing in gratitude journals from age thirteen. Her teenage years included exhilarating experiences like skiing and a transformative art fair participation, leaving an indelible mark that’s led her to a healthcare-art fusion vocation.", 'persona': 'Haelim Su is a dedicated and compassionate individual born in Busan, South Korea, in 1996. With a strong passion for art and a deep sense of empathy, she balances her career as a healthcare aide with her love for creativity. Graduating with a degree in Art History and acquiring subsequent certifications, Haelim embodies a rare mix of artistic flair and caregiving skills. Described as energetically hopeful, her daily meditative and reflective habits keep her calm amidst work-related anxieties. Despite some public speaking and technological challenges, her storytelling prowess and language fluency make her a cherished figure in both personal and professional circles. Haelim dreams of opening an art center for the elderly and exploring European cultures further.', 'recent_memory': "Haelim's recent memories paint a picture of personal growth and global exploration. Her nine-month stay in Paris enriched her love for art and culture despite initial anxiety. Returning to Seoul, she relished in family connections while refining her painting and meditative practices. A Tokyo healthcare internship followed, utilizing her Japanese fluency to bridge cultural divides, and was underscored by her artistic flare. These experiences empowered her to support ailing family in Gyeongju, strengthen bonds, and engage in creative reflection through art. Further adventures took her to Madrid for cultural enrichment, imprinting Spain's vibrancy into her work. Sydney served as the hub for art therapy research, sparking fresh integration of her caregiving ambitions. Now in Seoul, Haelim embraces meditation and community-backed optimism as she plans a community art center for the elderly, inspired by her rich tapestry of recent experiences."}
